[Autogenerated] Hello.
Welcome to this model about the implementation of
crosscutting concerns for cashing and exceptions.
You'll see how we continue our flights management application,
accessing a database.
So let's move further.
What we're going to do for our demonstration will introduce a data base
on which to execute crude operations on the flights,
and passengers with Great an aspect that manages cashing on
crude operations will implement a new feature that requires
working with aspects for handling.
Exceptions on will create aspects that manage these exceptions,
removed to the code and first show how to introduce
a database to our application.
First, we need the database structure toe work on.
So we add this DBS Commander SQL File that will create it.
We created this passenger stable having the fields I D.
That is generated the name, which is Barker of 50 and the country,
which is also of our car of 50 who answered the
passenger Jim from United States.
Then we serve the passenger Jack from United Kingdom,
and we serve the passenger Jill from Australia.
Then we'll add the nitty dependencies to the prom dot XML file will
add the spring GBC dependency that helps the spring application to
interact with the database through J B, B,
C and the H S, Q L, D,
B and H two dependencies that are needed by the H two in memory
database into the AARP dot xml configuration file.
We need to introduce the reference to the J D.
B C name space and the reference to the excess D or
excimer scheme a database spring J D B C.
File.
Then we'll declare an embedded database with the I.
D.
Data source that is accessed through J.
B C.
We initialize this database through the help of the script
Deby schema dot est Really that we have just shown and that
is to be found on the class path.
We remind that we have placed our debate schema dot a
steel file in the resource is folder,
which is added by him Avon on the class path and we introduced this
being with the I D data source belonging to the class,
or HG got spring framework.
Look J d B C dot data source dot driver,
manager data source, and has a Siri's of configuration.
The driver class name will be ordered out.
HSP LD be Dr J.
D.
B C.
Driver.
The U R L of the database will be J D.
B C H two flights management and the credentials to
access this database will be username, essay and empty password.
We will access the database by implementing the Dow or Data
Access Object Design Pattern Day taxes.
Object is a pattern that provides an abstract interface to a
database that thou offer specific date operations without
exposing the details of the database.
By mapping the application calls to the persistence layer we create.
This new package calmed a parasite that spring europea dot
flights management dot Dow and inside it we are creating
the passenger dollar interface.
The passenger.
The interface declares a get passenger method that
is receiving as argument the i.
D of the passenger.
We created this passenger down in plus that implements
the passenger door in their face.
We have to override the previously defined get passenger method.
The passenger don't in class will contain the map of the
passengers that have already been created.
We need to add this data source and J.
D B C fields in the class.
The data source interface controls the database connections It is part of the J
D B C specification and can be seen as a connection factory.
Frink An extra database.
The other data source data source allows to hide
connection pulling and transaction management.
J D B C Temperate is the central class in the package or dot
spring framework dot j d b c dot core.
Its responsibilities are to execute Esquivel queries to
reiterate over results and to catch J.
D.
B.
C exceptions.
The perimeter's that are necessary when executing an
SQL query are the data source, the row mapper and the SQL quero.
The road map er is doing the mapping of the results that to certain
objects we have to find here a row mapper that when it receives the
results that it will construct a passenger,
then said the name of the passenger as the name column from the results set
and said the country as the country column from the results that we
introduced here the set data source method that is used by spring to inject
the data source and to initialize the J.
D B C template,
we see that we're initializing the data source field from the current object
with the value of the data source Parametric and then with great the GBC
temperate object by calling the constructor of the J D B C temperate class and
passing the stored data source as prior matter.
We introduced this yet by the method that selects from the
database a passenger with a given I d.
We define this string guest will saying Select all from passengers where I d
equals Sam para Matter and we're returning the result of J.
D.
B c template dot query for object of SQL Row mapper and I D.
This means that we're going to execute the Skrill query by
passing as idea para matter the value of the int i.
D perimeter of the get by de method and using for
mapping the previously defined row mapper.
Now we can write the behavior of the get passenger method first.
If the passenger was the given,
ideas already in the passenger's map will no longer query the database but will
return the passenger calling Passengers map dot Yet of I D.
Otherwise, if the passenger hasn't been put in the passenger's map,
we're going toe query the database,
get the passenger with the help of the previously defined Get by
de Mattered and then return the passenger.
You may now ask yourself who will put the passenger to the map?
We will get back to the answer to this question a little later.
We need to initialize the passenger Dow,
improve Bean and set its data source as the data source that we have
already defined in our application configuration.
Remember, we already defined, said data source. Method is used by spring to do this.